Our goal is that you get the best possible learning experience whilst following along this course.
So how can you get the most out of it.
Well first watch the videos.
Sounds easy.
It's an on demand video course Indian.
But it's important to watch the videos and to also watch the videos at your speed.
You can adjust the playback speed in you Jimmy video player so make sure to use this feature to watch
the Course videos conveniently watching the videos is nice but also cold along.
This is a very crucial part of the learning process.
The whole course is interactive so take the chance code a long and important pause and rewind don't
just code along and don't understand what type of call you're writing and why you're writing it in case
something is unclear.
Pause and rewind watch the lecture again until you really understand what you're doing here and why
you're doing it.
Besides coding along practice is of course something that we highly recommend following along the course
is great and you learn all the core things you need to create your own Moon's tech applications in this
course but you should advance on your own create your own projects or enhance the course project according
to your needs.
These are all things that will help you in the long term.
Practice play around.
And with that become a Marine stack master.
Now on the way to become a master debugging and searching is also something that will happen to you.
Things can go wrong than writing code.
This is also a crucial part of the learning process in the end.
But it's important to have the right approach for debugging the code and for searching for solutions.
For that you can find the use code attached to the last lecture of each module in the course.
So in case you're stuck.
Make sure to download this code and compare it to your code.
You might have a tiny little mistake.
And with that approach you can quickly find it and continue with the course.
Also Google in case you have any kind of error message.
Chances are that if you have this problem another person had this problem to you.
And with that a solution can be found quickly by a Google besides Google.
You can also use the integrated UDP search function.
That's also very helpful.
With that you can search through the course content and you can also search fraud the Cuban a section
because that's the last important step to make sure you get the most out of this course.
Ask and answer questions in case you're stuck and you can continue to ask in the June section of the
course and we do our best to help you as quick as possible.
But in addition to asking it's also important to answer questions because answering is so much more
rewarding.
Asking is is your right but answering and helping others.
This is really great because nothing can go wrong here.
If you give a wrong answer somebody will correct you and you will learn or if you gave the right answer
you practice your knowledge and the person who asked the question gets an answer.
And that's basically a win win situation for everyone.
Now if that you are well prepared for the course and this means we cannot dive into the course and continue
with the moron stack inferior now.